Oh
oh ma you can even come to litigate oh i
was gonna talk
yogi so you give me up to see Margo hey
okay um to do with it I'm on your woman
dr. Joe
see
Oh
are you not I panel the wooden rotate
your body oh my god do not include an
awesome be good admit in basic go
through with the general
hey
in the Diamonds all money being tomando
attorney then boom their value new rap
battle dome occupies it come on pilgrim
deleted that's on there young handle
mohan jha alok cut along with wish my
own Kundalini oh you poor dear the
single title mother day to day once it
is all I've done in my similar to know
their car to trigger the only class okay
sitting down
Oh me chinga okay